Added support for XDK close event callback (#513)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/web-sdk/configuration-customisation.md

- `VOICE`: *Show the voice composer by default*

**default: VOICE**

### `onChatWindowHide`

> In case you want to get notified when the chat window is closed/hidden, you can pass a callback function to this parameter. The callback function will be called whenever the chat window is closed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to be notified whenever the chat window is closed/hidden, you can pass a callback function to this parameter. This callback function will then be called every time the chat window is closed. 
```
